Proactive - Just don't do the things which was told to do, instead look broader, think the consequences, discuss them with team, and act according to planning
Quick Learner - As you can see in my resume, I have worked on lots of techical stack, also there are some more technologies i have worked on, and it was not just to add on resume, i have actually worked on it, So that's my strong point i can learn quickly and be productive asap in that particular stack
Self-motivated - Learning new things motivates me, I myself take initiative to find solutions to problems
Team Player - I have strong experance of working with larger group of people, I have worked with larger people on some really greate projects

Tell me about yourself
    My name is Krishna Suryavanshi, Im 32. Currently working with Simplifai Cognitive Services Pvt Ltd as Sr. Frontend Developer.
    I am working in agile team. we are 5 people in our FE team, and around 25 people in our Project.
    I am working on front end techologies such as JS, HTML, CSS, JS Framworks like angular css preprocessors like scss.
    I work on product of company, apart from day to day assignements
     I have done 10 to 12 POCs and some of them are already implemented in the project.
    Prior to this organization, I was working with 99Oranges techologies, I was working with one of their client IDeaS.
    I used to work with same technology stack in IDeaS, and I was working on one of the products of company
    Before that I was working with Effigrity Solutions, I had worked on ERP System for a manufaturing company.

Why do you want to change the job
  Currently Im looking for job change is Professional growth in terms of learning opportunities.
  Since last 6 months I found myself that I am just doing same things again and again like we have done design revamp twice,
   and no new learnings or challenging tasks.
  Also I don't see there is coming exciting in nearest time, So im looking for new opportunities with new challenges. So that's why I am here. 
  
Why should i hire you
  First of all,  As this organization is serving 1000 Fortune clients from different fields, like Education, Healthcare, Technology, Media, Pharma and lot more, organization serving to make their employee and customers satisfaction by implementing AI in their routine work to automate tasks. I would like to be a part of such really a good team.
  I will utilize my knowledge about this domain, which is aligned to companies interest.
  And I would love to do challenging tasks by doing rnd as this role requires the same.

What challenges you have faced during your job
  like when Limited resources need to strech sometimes,
  Sometimes it becomes hard to find balance between family and work
  Working with other developers and QAs

what challenging task have you done
  Technical task - performance optimization, and its actually continues process.

Strength - Being Proactive, Quick Learner, Flexibility, 
Weakness - Sometimes i hesitate to Saying No, and somtime results into bring some burden,
  Not leaving tasks unfinished, If i believe task will get finished in nearest time, i stretch to finish it.

Are you a team player
  I am team player as well as individual contributor,
  I was working only a developer on first project in simplifai almost for 6 months, and now i am working with medium size team

what are the leadership skill do you have
  - Motivating my collegus to follow best practices i know
  - Help my juniors in their issues regarding project or any technical stuff, basically help them by mentoring them
  - A good listner, I am always there to listen what other says, I listen them,
  - A good team player 

what are the interpersonal skills do you have
  - Active listening
  - Teamwork - Collaborating and working well together with others.
  - Motivated - Motivated to work as part of a team or as an individual contributor.
  - Flexibility - I can strech as and when required
  - Patience - when dealing with others

what motivates you
  Learning new things, find ways to improve things, or create something new which can help others

How do you motivate others
  Sit wth them and ask, what they need?
  Involve them to related stuff
  Trust them and give them atonomy to decide how the work will be done but within certain parameter
  Appreciate them
  Try to push them

How do you handle conflits
  conflict is there because we have two differen't option,
  SIt with them, discuss his idea, put my idea in from of others, find bettwer way to go ahead.

How do you delegate tasks
  Depends on his experties or sometime his interest choose a right person, like if he done same task before, or if someone has particular area of interest
  Tell them why i am delegating this particular task to them
  if I have any ideas to implement in that particular task, i'll share with them, that we can do this or i can share some importatn links also

how do you deliver feedback
  - Constructive feedback - This is nice workaound you have to resolve this,
  But this could be a better way in other way, like this will take less time, and efforts or this way you can achive your learnings and work also get done

how you respond to feedback
  He has feedback because I have done something and they noticed, 
  and in that case, feedback is mostly about appreciation or probably asking something to do in better way
  I can explain my stand on that, or i can take as positive and it would defenitly add value to my knoledge as well as my work

how would you set priorities
  I'll have list of tasks first, 
  Understand what we need to achive, 
  depends on goal find out the important and priority task
  Do review of tasks periodically like aft every second or third day
  Like i have to finish this before particular deployment day, or suddenly a bug occured, decide if its blocker or not

what are the short term and long term goals
  in nearest time i would like to have new role where i can utilize my learnings and knowledge, and i can add in my learnings.
  also like get cerified.
  for coming longer period of time probably in 3 4 years i would like to be an UI Architect, lead small team, also keep adding new learnings to my skill set

Where do you see yourself in next 5 years
  As I said I would like to become an UI Architect in coming time

Leadership Skills
  Listen to others
  Motivate them, Teach them and mentor them, Give effective feedbacks, 
  Timely communication
  Positivity
  Take ownership


How do you ensure your team delivers quality work
  Clear strategy- first make cler strategies, and go ahead according to plan
  Fix problems when they are small
  Be optimistic about estimations
  Communicate timely- if you see any hurdle speak up, else it will endup by compromising quality
  Keep reviewing the strategi timely



How do you motivate an under-performing team member?
  Sit with him, try to understand the issue, if its about his will, or skills
  If about skills, share some courses, ask him to give some extra time to sharpen his skills

